I love cool math games.
i love hangman i love word games i'm such a sucker for word games
(***)
One, One, two or three guys.
Papa's Fazeria.
I like Papa's - . Which Papa's (***).  Like the grilled cheese one?
Frezeria's classic
I really like the ummm... the  ice cream one.
Ice cream and ,yeah, I like the the the cupcake one.
It's still ought for Math games
It's just on there
I don't know what they changed, but they're still the same game.
I I still play,ummm
Uhhhh... Fireboy Watergirl never load for me
No, waterrr.hahaha. Fireboy and Watergirl. Yeahhh
I was the one who would get yelled at for-. I was the one who would get yelled at for that.
No, I was the one who got yelled at for missing a jump like 5 times in a row.
Language.
Yes yes yes ,I really like
Umm... like those two-player games. Those are really fun.
Yes, oh my gosh, you should get on those. He looks so disgusting.
Oh Fashion famous on roblox (***)
Nikki,not really
Oh, that's not infinity. Is it? Oh, shoot.
No, But there's like the 3D one. What's the 3D one on the mobile?
No, one of them is... (***)
Maybe, I really want to get to that one actually. It looks so-
Cute ,I love Jessica.
what?
No, I can't get into it, I'm sorry. My brother plays it a lot, but I just can't find it interesting
Wait for it (***)?
Are you gonna get online? The online one?
People say that the new Monster Hunter is really good.
Wait, what is it? Do you have, do you know any?
Have you played spider-man 2?
I like Last (***) . mmm ,no.Do you like any other games
Red Dead Redemption.
Guys, I love used games, they're so cheap.
That was so funny.
Because a lot of the PlayStation games
get online on the device so you don't need to have a lot of people don't go in person
They 're just like
I love going to games with my eyes. It's so fun to look around.
(***)
I just go there and I look around all the games I'll never play because I don't have an Xbox
Wii!! ......Wii sports! Wii sports! Wii sports!! Wii sports!!
Mario Kart?
This is for upper middle class ,YEAH
I feel Mario kart
Mario kart
Mario kart ,ehhh
Mario kart. (***)
i was like a roblox royale high kid
I was a Roblox Royale High kid.
Oh, hi